docs: add snyk remote mcp (#1473)
snyk/user-docs: developer-tools/integrations/snyk-remote-mcp/README.md

## Connect an MCP client

Select the endpoint for the Snyk region where your account is hosted:

| Region     | Snyk Remote MCP endpoint                 |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| SNYK-US-01 | `https://api.snyk.io/mcp-server/mcp/`    |
| SNYK-US-02 | `https://api.us.snyk.io/mcp-server/mcp/` |
| SNYK-EU-01 | `https://api.eu.snyk.io/mcp-server/mcp/` |
| SNYK-AU-01 | `https://api.au.snyk.io/mcp-server/mcp/` |

For a single-tenant deployment, use the API hostname supplied for your deployment and append `/mcp-server/mcp/`.

### Connect from Cursor

Add Snyk Remote MCP to your Cursor MCP configuration:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "Snyk Remote MCP": {
      "url": "https://api.snyk.io/mcp-server/mcp/"
    }
  }
}
```

Replace the URL with the endpoint for your Snyk region.

### Connect from Claude Code

Run the following command:

```bash
claude mcp add -s user --transport http "Snyk Remote MCP" https://api.snyk.io/mcp-server/mcp/
```

Replace the URL with the endpoint for your Snyk region.

## Authorize access

On first use, the MCP client opens an authorization page in your browser.

> 1. Sign in to the Snyk Web UI for the same region as the configured MCP endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the Snyk Web UI for the same region as the configured MCP endpoint.
```

2. Review the requested Snyk App permissions.
3. Approve the app.
4. Return to the MCP client and use a Snyk Remote MCP tool.

The service requests the following read scopes:

| Scope                       | Used for                                                |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `org.read`                  | Identity and Organization discovery                     |
| `org.project.read`          | Projects and targets                                    |
| `org.project.snapshot.read` | Issues, SBOMs, dependency graphs, and issue aggregation |
| `org.package.test`          | Package vulnerability lookup and remediation enrichment |
| `org.report.read`           | Reporting data and Group issue views where available    |
| `org.collection.read`       | Project collections                                     |
| `org.container_image.read`  | Container image inventory                               |

> The service validates the Snyk access token before every MCP request and uses that token for calls to the Snyk API. A read scope does not override Snyk roles, plan entitlements, or Early Access requirements. For example, Group data, audit logs, and batch package testing may not be available to every authorizing identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service validates the Snyk access token before every MCP request and uses that token for calls to the Snyk API. A read scope does not override Snyk roles, plan entitlements, or Early Access requirements. For example, Group data, audit logs, and batch package testing are not available to every authorizing identity.
```

> To review or revoke access, navigate to your personal **Account Settings** and select **Authorized Snyk Apps**. For more information, see [Managing Snyk Apps from the UI](../../snyk-api/using-specific-snyk-apis/snyk-apps-apis/about-snyk-apps.md#managing-snyk-apps-from-the-ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To review or revoke access, navigate to your personal **Account Settings** and select **Authorized Snyk Apps**. Visit [Managing Snyk Apps from the UI](../../snyk-api/using-specific-snyk-apis/snyk-apps-apis/about-snyk-apps.md#managing-snyk-apps-from-the-ui) for more information.
```

## Available tools

Snyk Remote MCP advertises 25 tools. These include discovery and raw-data tools, as well as reporting tools that combine Snyk API data into prioritized Markdown and structured results.

> For the complete catalog and current limits, see [Snyk Remote MCP tools](available-tools.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [Snyk Remote MCP tools](available-tools.md) for the complete catalog and current limits.
```

Paginated tools use `view: "summary"` by default to reduce the amount of data sent to the AI assistant. Use `view: "full"` only when you need the complete Snyk API resource.

Each tool returns stable MCP `structuredContent` and a JSON text representation for compatibility with different clients. Reporting and workflow tools also return a concise `markdown` field. When pagination, result limits, permissions, or failed enrichment can affect a conclusion, results include fields such as `coverage`, `truncated`, `has_more`, and `warnings`.

{% hint style="warning" %}
Issue reports count issue instances. One vulnerability or rule can produce multiple issue instances when it affects multiple Projects or scan items.
{% endhint %}

The remediation verification workflow reports only the current state observed in Snyk. It cannot prove that a local Snyk Studio scan ran, and an issue that is not observable is not reported as resolved.

## Understand investigation boundaries

> Snyk Remote MCP provides audit logs, cloud issue filters, container inventory, and risk reports as separate evidence. It does not expose a unified attack-path or runtime graph and does not infer deployment causality or blast radius. If an MCP client correlates external SIEM or ticketing data, conclusions must preserve source attribution and distinguish external evidence from Snyk observations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snyk Remote MCP provides audit logs, cloud issue filters, container inventory, and risk reports as separate evidence. It does not expose a unified attack-path or runtime graph and does not infer deployment causality or blast radius. If an MCP client correlates external SIEM (security information and event management) or ticketing data, conclusions must preserve source attribution and distinguish external evidence from Snyk observations.
```
